Adding documentation for FM and COOP/COEP (#1)
salcho/struts-site: source/core-developers/coep-interceptor.md

---
layout: default
title: COEP Interceptor
parent:
    title: Interceptors
    url: interceptors.html
---

# Fetch Metadata Interceptor

## Description

Interceptor that implements Cross-Origin Embedder Policy on incoming requests.

COEP prevents the document from loading any framed documents which don't opt-in by setting the COEP header. (`Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy: require-corp`). This provides protection for documents that don't restrict framing. A document that doesn't set COEP cannot be framed by another document with COEP. All descendents of a document with COEP will also enforce the same restrictions.

COEP is now supported by all major browsers.

[More information about COEP](https://web.dev/why-coop-coep/#coep).

## Parameters

> - `exemptedPaths` - Set of opt out endpoints that are meant" to serve cross-site traffic. Paths should either be relative or absolute. No default value for field.

Reviewer: Please see comment on `exemptedPaths` for coop-interceptor.

```suggestion
- `exemptedPaths` - Set of opt out endpoints that are meant" to serve cross-site traffic. Paths should either be relative or absolute. This field is empty by default.
```

> - `exemptedPaths` - Set of opt out endpoints that are meant" to serve cross-site traffic. Paths should contain leading slashes and must be relative. This field is empty by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `exemptedPaths` - Set of opt out endpoints that are meant to serve cross-site traffic. Paths should contain leading slashes and must be relative. This field is empty by default.
```

> - `enforcingMode` - Boolean variable allowing the user to let COEP operate in `enforcing`, which blocks both resource and reports violation, or `report-only` mode, which only reports violation. Default value for field is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enforcingMode` - Boolean variable allowing the user to let COEP operate in `enforcing`, which blocks both resource and reports violations, or `report-only` mode, which only reports violations. Default value for field is `false`.
```
